good in this video I want to make a
evaluation to a browser that is called
stream you can search within the app
store 'on your iphone phone with the
name of web stream as you see it
on screen this application is
completely free and personally
I want to talk to you about this because I do not know
how many of you suddenly are
tired maybe to use the safari to
the best I do not know how they want
rest a little bit from that browser or
even because no google chrome's
suddenly you need to try something different
this browser has some functions
quite interesting besides that its
design is completely different to what
that we have seen here I already have
the open application on this side
when I click on the box where
we have that search loupe I can
here search for any website that
I want if you notice me it appears
automatically the dotcom here for
that once I go to that site
if I slide my bottom finger towards
up appears this control where
I can new
here write some other address for
any other page that I want
to visit
we give him entry and if I went up
again this same section
I could right here with the symbol of
more open another tap or another tab in
where I could go to any other
site
here we have it when we
we visit different sections of a
certain page you can return to
the previous page with only
slide your finger from left to right
as you really realize this
browser feels very fast that is
different from all the others that I have
tested and if you want to slide or
switch between tabs the only thing that
you have to do is open this same
section down here and from this side you can
transport you from one side or the other if you
you want to delete a tab that is already
open
drag any of these icons
out and will automatically pum
you eliminate now if you realize
we have two options on this side some
scissors and this that you see in the part of
down if we take the option of
down here is here
we could save videos save
publications and so on nothing else that
it requires us to create a
Free account with them if you want
create a free account with them
using any of these
you can do it but the scissors
I want to show you what they do if
you want to save a certain
section of some page you take the
scissors you put here this box
where you like and then
You could share it directly to
Twitter facebook send it by a message
of text inside your phone or
send it maybe by email
If I give a click to email
electronic that you see there I open the
application of email in
where is this photo included that I just
to save from that same application I'm going
to cancel I give a click outside to
to go back to where I was and that
way I can again continue browsing
to other sections now on the side
lower right we have control of
the settings of the application you
Here you can find all those
options that we regularly find in
the ordinary browsers here
if you do not have an account with them
and you can create it yourself you can change
the size of the text change the search engine
that you currently have here you can
delete all browsing data
such as cookies or
cookies you have help sections
Contact us section among other things
then I hope you enjoy this
application is very entertaining very fast
and I hope you're really going to like it
a lot just before saying goodbye I want to
also show you that with this
application you can browse a website
by means of two different windows more
or less I'll show you how to do it
for example in this case I am in
the google page then from the side
right I do not know if you see this control
when I give it a click it allows me
divide this same page in two
sections up here could be
looking for the best for books and maybe
down here by disks a guess and
that way I can navigate this same
page in two different ways if I
I put my finger in the middle
can I do this up or towards
down and in that way to be able to facilitate
to be able to see the text well then
I lower it, I disappear, I disappear
this section and I return exactly to
where I was then I say goodbye
today he shares this video with
your friends my name is love castañeda
subscribe and see you in the next
Thank you